Hi students, Jennifer here.
I'm going to guide you through the classifying images lab.
Let's click on over to start the lab.
Your city is hosting a citywide dog show and you
volunteered to help the organizing committee with contestant registration.
The problem is to host this dog show,
they had to cancel and reschedule an annual arts festival.
Some tricksters we're upset about
this cancellation and they decide to submit some fake registrations.
These fake registrations will be of animals that aren't dogs.
You decide you can speed up registration by computationally
determining if registered images are of dogs or other animals.
Once you've finished reading over the lab description,
click on over and start with the lab instructions.